




























Option A:

Strengths:

    This option allows the Instructor dimension to be included in the fact table,
    which will enable users to easily query the data for information about specific
    instructors. It also allows the grain of the fact table to remain at one row per student per
    course, which will make it easy to aggregate data for analysis.
    
Weaknesses: 
    
    This option requires the creation of special rows in the Instructor
    dimension to represent instructor teams, which could make the dimension more
    complex and potentially harder to understand and use. Additionally, this option may not
    accurately represent the actual enrollment of each instructor, as the enrollment will be
    split equally among the instructors in a team.
    
    
Option B:


Strengths: 

    This option allows for the inclusion of the Instructor dimension in the fact
    table and enables accurate representation of enrollments for each instructor. It also
    allows for the possibility of querying data at the student-course-instructor grain, which
    may be useful for some analysis.
    
Weaknesses: 

    This option requires changing the grain of the fact table to one row per
    student per course per instructor, which may make it more difficult to aggregate data for
    analysis at higher levels. It also requires the use of fractional values in the
    EnrollmentCount field, which may be confusing for users.
    
Option C:

Strengths: 

    This option allows for the creation of two separate fact tables, one for
    general enrollment data and one for data at the student-course-instructor grain. This
    allows users to choose the appropriate fact table for their specific analysis needs and
    ensures that the data is accurately represented in each table.
    
Weaknesses: 

    This option requires the creation and maintenance of two separate fact
    tables, which may increase complexity and the burden on the warehouse. It may also
    require users to remember to use the appropriate fact table for their queries, which
    could lead to errors or incorrect results if they use the wrong table.
    
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Given the options presented, I would choose Option C. This option allows for the
    creation of two separate fact tables, one with the Instructor dimension and one without,
    which enables users to choose the appropriate table for their analysis needs. This
    ensures that the data is accurately represented and avoids the need for special rows or
    fractional values in the fact table.
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    If the majority of classes had multiple instructors, I would still choose Option C. This
    option would allow for the creation of two separate fact tables that accurately represent
    the data for classes with single and multiple instructors.
    If only one or two classes had multiple instructors, I may consider Option A or B as well.
    However, I would still ultimately choose Option C as it allows for the greatest flexibility
    in querying and analysis, while still ensuring that the data is accurately represented.
    An alternative design that could be considered is to include the Instructor dimension in
    the fact table, but to also include a separate column for instructor allocation, which
    would represent the fraction of the enrollment that each instructor is responsible for.
    This would allow for the inclusion of the Instructor dimension in the fact table while still
    accurately representing enrollments for each instructor. However, this design may also
    increase the complexity of the fact table and could potentially be confusing for users.
